add: Baseline MCP Server (#2877)
web-platform-dx/web-features: gh-pages/src/baseline-in-the-wild.md

- [Baseline Status Astro Embed](https://astro-embed.netlify.app/components/baseline-status/), to display Baseline data without client-side JavaScript on an Astro website.
- [RUMvision Baseline integration](https://www.rumvision.com/help-center/monitoring/dashboard/baseline/), a real user monitoring solution, which uses Baseline statuses show which features are safe to use based on actual audience data.
- [RUM Archive Insights](https://rumarchive.com/insights/), a collection of RUM Archive data visualizations, including yearly Baseline features.

> - [Baseline MCP Server](https://github.com/yamanoku/baseline-mcp-server), a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server that provides support for Web Platform APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Baseline MCP Server](https://github.com/yamanoku/baseline-mcp-server), a Model Context Protocol (MCP) server that provides Baseline information for web features.
```
